Refresh of Hello World page (#6454)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/hello-world.md

         - run: echo "hello world" # run the `echo` command
   ```

3. Commit and push the changes.

4. Go to the **Projects** page in the CircleCI app, then click

> the **Set Up Project** button next to your project. If you don't see your project, make sure you have selected the associated org. See the [Org Switching](#org-switching) section below for tips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the **Set Up Project** button next to your project. If you do not see your project, make sure you have selected the associated org. See the [Org Switching](#org-switching) section below for tips.
```

        - run: Write-Host 'Hello, Windows'
```

> For Windows builds, some setup and prerequisites are different. Please refer to our [Hello World on Windows]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/hello-world-windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Windows builds, some setup and prerequisites are different. Please refer to our [Hello World on Windows]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/hello-world-windows) page for more information.
```
